one winter evening Henry's driver said
we'll be out early tomorrow we've got to
take the flying kipper
don't tell Gordon but I think if we pull
the kipper nicely Sir Topham Hatt will
let us pull the Express the special coal
they gave you is working well hooray
cried Henry that will be lovely
all kinds of ships use the harbor at the
big station by the sea
there are passenger ships cargo ships
and fishing boats also come here they
unload their fish on the key some of it
goes to shops in the town and the rest
in a special train to other places far
away this is the Train the rail women
called flying kipper Henri was ready at
5 o'clock there was snow and frost men
hustled and shouted loading up the
crates of fish the last door banged
guard showed his green lamp and the
flying kipper ready to go come on come
on don't be silly don't be silly puffed
Henry to the freight cars the cars
shuddered and groaned trikuti truck
trikuti truck all right all right Henry
clouds of smoke and steam poured from
his funnel into the cold air and the
fire's light shone brightly hurry hurry
hurry
panted Henry they were going well the
light grew better signal lights shone
green as they passed
then the yellow signal appeared ahead
his driver prepared to stop but the home
signal was down
all clear Henry away we go they couldn't
know the switches from the main line to
a siding with frozen and the home signal
should have been set a danger but snow
had forced it down a freight train was
waiting in the siding to let the flying
kipper pass and the driver and fireman
were drinking cocoa in the caboose the
kipper is due said the conductor who
cares said the fireman this is good
cocoa the driver got up come on firemen
back to our engine they got out just in
time
Henry's driver and fireman had jumped
clear before the crash but Henry lay
dazed and surprised
Sir Topham Hatt came to see him the
signal was down sir said Henry cheer up
Henry wasn't your fault
ice and snow caused the accident I'm
sending you to Crewe a fine place for
sick engines they'll give you a new
shape and a larger firebox you'll feel a
different engine and you won't need
special coal anymore won't that be nice
yes sir
said Henry doubtfully Henry liked being
a crew what was glad to come home a
crowd of people waited to see him arrive
in his new shape he looked so splendid
and strong that they gave him three
cheers I'm sorry to say that a lot of
little children are often late for
school
because they wait to see Henry go by
they often see him fooling the Express
he does it so well Gordon is jealous but
that's another story
you